this is a steam greenlight trailer for
well Barbara Ian as you can hear here
from the wacky music that they're doing
[Music]
they're very wacky this was recommended
to me by the backspacer who's been
looking I guess for trailers to show me
this is also on the string yes sorry the
steam greenlight Gold Twitter account
which I highly recommend they're still
doing the music that jokes not done oh
no there's they do that for the whole
thing and you just wait till you get to
the end where we you will see how proud
they are of this this wacky goof they
say the game looks hilarious know if you
notice yet but the main character is
called Barbara Ian which is funny
because it's a joke and
nope sorry the the combination of
framerate mash of color and general
busyness on the screen is making me feel
[Music]
yes yes ladies the developers you can
hear laughing of themselves in their own
joke that's good isn't it and and there
we can see the hilarity and all's well
Oh
[Music]
well it's good to have a hobby